Source URL: https://www.mrfog.com/all-posts/mr-fog-switch-5500-disposables-review-by-versed-vaper/
Page Title: Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500 Disposables Review by VERSED VAPER - Mr Fog - Enjoy To The Last Puff

Need Help?
Chat with Our Support Team
WARNING: This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
SWITCH POD SWITCH POD SPLASH SWITCH POD AURA AURA SPLASH AURA NOVA NOVA Apple Steezy NOVA Banana Steezy NOVA Popup Series NOVA Bubble Gang NOVA Lemon Steezy
SWITCH POD SWITCH POD SPLASH SWITCH POD
SWITCH POD SPLASH
SWITCH POD
AURA AURA SPLASH AURA
AURA SPLASH
AURA
NOVA NOVA Apple Steezy NOVA Banana Steezy NOVA Popup Series NOVA Bubble Gang NOVA Lemon Steezy
NOVA Apple Steezy
NOVA Banana Steezy
NOVA Popup Series
NOVA Bubble Gang
NOVA Lemon Steezy
Product Disposable SWITCH POD SPLASH AURA SPLASH SWITCH POD AURA NOVA Series E-Liquid Blue Razz Steezy Mellow Man Apple Steezy Banana Steezy Berry Steezy Open System DRT Nicotine Pouches Nicotine Pouches
Disposable SWITCH POD SPLASH AURA SPLASH SWITCH POD AURA NOVA Series
NOVA Series
E-Liquid Blue Razz Steezy Mellow Man Apple Steezy Banana Steezy Berry Steezy
Blue Razz Steezy
Mellow Man
Apple Steezy
Banana Steezy
Berry Steezy
Open System DRT
DRT
Nicotine Pouches Nicotine Pouches
Nicotine Pouches
DRT DRT Technology DRT Lab DRT FAQ
DRT Technology
DRT Lab
DRT FAQ
About Us
Support Verification FAQ Contact us Distributors Warranty Recruitment
Verification
FAQ
Contact us
Distributors
Warranty
Recruitment
Download
Blog
MR FOG BLOG , Reviews
Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500 Disposables Review by VERSED VAPER
The SWITCH 5500 is the latest disposable vape from Mr. Fog. Founded in 2018, Mr. Fog is no stranger to the vaping world and in this five year span they’ve released numerous disposables, ranging from humble 500 puff devices, all the way up to their highest puff count disposable yet at 5500 puffs, the SWITCH.
The SWITCH 5500 is an all-in-one disposable that comes prefilled with 15ml of ejuice. It’s available in 5% nicotine strength (50mg/ml) and made with tobacco-free nicotine (TFN). Each SWITCH 5500 is draw activated and features an adjustable airflow dial on the front of the device. These are rechargeable through the Type-C charging port located on the bottom of each device.
Armed with a mesh coil inside for better flavor and vapor, is the SWITCH 5500 a disposable vape worth switching for?
Specifications Size: 81mm x 42mm x 20mm Rechargeable battery 20mg/ml or 50mg/ml nicotine strength Up to 5000 puffs Prefilled with 10ml of e-juice Mesh Coil MTL draw 24 Flavors Type-C Charging
Specifications
Design & Build Quality
The Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500’s instantly reminded me of another disposable vape that I had used in the past, the Binaries SE6000. Although the two companies are not affiliated at all (at least to my knowledge), you can’t deny the uncanny similarity between the two devices. Both are made of plastic, colorful, and feature an adjustable airflow dial on the front.
The SWITCH 5500 is short but wide, coming in at a height of 77mm, a width of 47.5mm, and a depth of 24.5mm. It’s pretty small and compact and the rounded sides and edges are comfortable to hold. I usually take one or two of these with me at a time and I’ve had no issues with the portability.
As for the design, it’s strange and unconventional but interesting. Each one features one half in white plastic and the other half in a color that represents the flavor inside. There’s also a small circle airflow adjustment dial that can be spun either clockwise or counter-clockwise to open or restrict the airflow.
The drip tip is an elongated oval that is made out of food grade TPU, and it’s flexible but firm. I’ve had to stop myself from chewing on it a few times, but at least these are meant to be thrown away!
All of the flavors come in vibrant colors that definitely stand out in a crowd. The shiny plastic body is attention-grabbing, maybe a bit too much for some people’s liking. There’s a large MR. FOG SWITCH logo on the front, along with the flavor.
For being made of plastic, the Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500’s feel pretty well made. There’s no flex between the two different colored plastic pieces, and the overall device feels light but well built. The only negative to the design is that the plastic has gotten scuffed and scratched a bit on all of my units but this isn’t super noticeable unless you examine them closely.
Features
The Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500 is rated for 5500 puffs per device, which is provided by the 15ml of ejuice inside. Of course, you’re not going to get the whole 5500 puffs from one single charge and that’s why the SWITCH 5500 has a 650mAh rechargeable battery which recharges with Type-C charging. This allows you to vape for a few hundred puffs on a single charge and then recharge it for another few hundred puffs; rinse and repeat until the ejuice is finished.
Although their website only states that these are available in 50mg/ml nicotine strength, they can also be had in 20mg/ml (which is what I’ve been using for this review). This makes them compliant with both Canada and UK regulations, so you’ll be able to find these outside of the United States too. Inside of the SWITCH 5500 is a mesh coil but the exact resistance is not specified.
The airflow control dial on the SWITCH 5500 is interesting but, as I mentioned earlier, certainly not unique. The dial can spin a full 360°, however the actual adjustment range is very small. The airflow slot is only around a sixth of the total size of the dial, so the adjustment range is nowhere near what you might expect. Most of the range when turning the dial is the airflow being completely closed, with only a small portion actually allowing you to fine-tune the draw.
The lack of adjustment range is a bit disappointing, especially because it could have been so much better with a wider airflow slot. This would have allowed more of a DL draw, which is something that is lacking among disposables.
As it is now, I get a loose mouth-to-lung draw with the airflow open. Closing down the airflow can bring the draw all the way down to a tight MTL draw.
On the side of the SWITCH 5500 is a Type-C charging port. This device supports fast charging, although like the resistance of the coil the exact charging speed is not mentioned. On the bottom of the device is a single white LED light which lights up when you draw and when charging.
Flavors
There are 30 flavors available for the SWITCH 5500, with Mr. Fog stating that there are more flavors coming soon. Compared to some other disposable flavor lineups, this is one of the more interesting flavor lineups that I’ve seen. If you’re expecting straight fruit flavors then you’ll find some fruit mixes but there are some really unique flavor choices here. The full list of flavors is as follows:
Blue Raspberry Cherry Ice Blueberry Kiwi Blueberry Raspberry Splash Blueberry Raspberry Lemon Ice Bubble Gang Sour Apple Berry Bubble Gang Wild Strawberry Ice Cherry Hype Lemon Mango Pineapple Guava Ice Lemon Strawberry Kiwi Watermelon Magic Cotton Blueberry Magic Cotton Grape Ice Menthol Ice Mr Pepper Passion Fruit Guava Ice Peach Apricot Ice Pineapple Blueberry Kiwi Ice Pineapple Lemonade Pink Lemonade Rainbow Blast Rainbow Ice Rainbow Skt Raspberry Banana Ice Raspberry Green Apple Watermelon Raspberry Sour Apple Red Berry Strawberry Watermelon Kiwi Ice Strawnana Watermelon Acai Ice Watermelon Bubble Gang Ice Watermelon Strawberry Apple
I’m going to describe how five of these flavors taste to me and what I think of them. However, keep in mind that just because I like a flavor that does not mean that you will like it. Similarly, if I don’t like a flavor this does not mean that you will not like it. This is solely my subjective opinion.
Blue Raspberry Splash
This is a sweet and candied blue raspberry flavor that is not unlike other blue razz vapes that I’ve tried in the past. The flavor lingers a little after the inhale and I like that. It’s also not too strong or bold, so even those who aren’t into super sweet flavors will be able to enjoy this one.
Cherry Hype
This is my favorite flavor of the bunch and with good reason; it’s delicious. The cherry flavor is sweet but also tart, with the slight touch of sour coming through on the exhale. There’s an almost perfume-like flavor to this vape but it’s pleasant and enjoyable. This isn’t a natural cherry flavor though and it’s been sweetened up from the natural thing but it’s very good overall.
Pink Lemonade
The flavor that I received is actually called “Pink Lemon”, but on their website it’s Pink Lemonade. In any case, this tastes like a pure lemon flavor but that’s not a bad thing. There’s a bit of a salty soda flavor and the lemon flavor works well with it, bringing a zesty, slightly salty, and sweet flavor profile. All around it’s a tasty vape if you like lemon.
Pineapple Lemonade
Unlike Pink Lemonade, the lemon flavor takes a back seat here to pineapple. I do get a bit of a lemonade taste, but I would more accurately describe this as an 80% pineapple and 20% lemon flavor. The pineapple is strong and I taste it straight away, while the lemon comes through later in the exhale for a complimentary bit of tastiness.
Strawnana
I’ve tried a lot of strawberry banana flavors and this one is in my top five for sure. I like that it’s not overly sweet or candied, but instead more mellow and natural. I can’t single out the individual fruit flavors because they’re mixed together so well and that’s another pro for this vape. It’s like a smoothie in vape form, without any of the added sugar.
How do they vape?
I’ve been using the Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500 in 20mg/ml strength and I have to say that I have no complaints about the nicotine delivery or satisfaction. Although I’m used to vaping on higher strength disposables, I found these to be more than adequately satisfying to vape on. They’re smooth but still deliver a strong draw that appeases my nicotine cravings.
It’s also easy to vape on these because of the good flavors. I particularly liked Strawnana, Cherry Hype, and Blue Raspberry Splash, and I’ve charged each of those a few times already. Having good flavors is half of having a good disposable and the SWITCH 5500 got the flavors right.
As I mentioned earlier, I wish that there was more range in the airflow adjustment but as it is, you can get a good MTL draw no matter how you like it. For a loose MTL draw you can open up the dial, and for a tighter MTL draw you can close the airflow dial completely. A bit more range would have given the option for a looser MTL or even a DL draw which would have been nice, but the airflow in its current state will still be adequate for most vapers.
One thing to note with the SWITCH 5500 is that the draw will start to get weaker when the battery is nearly dead, so you’ll get a sort of ‘heads up’ that it’s time to start looking for a charger. There’s no other indication that the battery is dying (the LED only lights up white) so the draw getting weaker is your sign to charge.
SWITCH 5500
Verdict
The SWITCH 5500 is Mr. Fog’s highest puff disposable yet and they’ve seemingly gotten a lot of things right with the device. The flavors are good and there are a lot of unique options to choose from, so if you’re tired of seeing the same flavors from other brands then these might be a breath of fresh air.
The 15ml of ejuice inside of these will get you around 5500 puffs from each one, and they’re available in either 50mg/ml, or 20mg/ml options for all you British or Canadian vapers out there.
The 650mAh battery lasts for a few days of vaping, at which point you can recharge it as many times as it takes to vape all of the ejuice. I’m seeing these selling for around $20 USD, which is a little steep, but there’s no doubt that you’ll be getting a good while of vaping out of each one.
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked *
Comment *
Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Join us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
Products
NOVA
SWITCH SERIES
MAX AIR SERIES
MAX SERIES
E-LIQUID
NICOTINE POUCHES
Support
Brand Friends Recruitment
Service Claim
Compliance
Marketing Principles
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Returns and Refunds
Warranty Policy
Subscribe Us
Receive first access to the latest MRFOG products, inspiration, and services.
官网订阅
Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Mr Fog - Enjoy To The Last Puff. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
MR FOG
/ DRT
Copyright 2026 © MR FOG
The sale of tobacco products to minors is prohibited by law. WARNING: This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. California Proposition 65 Warning: This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?
Insert/edit link
Close
Enter the destination URL
URL
Link Text
Or link to existing content
Search
Image text: Mr Fog – Enjoy To The Last Puff
Image text: SWITCH POD KIT
Image text: MR FOG AURA disposable vape
Image text: MR FOG SWITCH POD KIT
Image text: AURA disposable vape
Image text: NOVA 36K
Image text: MR FOG SWITCH 5500
Image text: MR FOG SWITCH Strawberry-watermelon-kiwi-ice
Image text: Mr. Fog SWITCH 5500
Image text: Switch 5500 Mr fog
Image text: Loading...